Future-proof warning in HSI docs (#14740)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/hash-sharded-indexes.md

For details about the mechanics and performance improvements of hash-sharded indexes in CockroachDB, see our [Hash Sharded Indexes Unlock Linear Scaling for Sequential Workloads](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/blog/hash-sharded-indexes-unlock-linear-scaling-for-sequential-workloads/) blog post.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> Hash-sharded indexes created in v22.1 and later will not [backfill](use-changefeeds.html#schema-changes-with-column-backfill), as the shard column isn't stored. Hash-sharded indexes created prior to v22.1 will backfill if `schema_change_policy` is set to `backfill`, as they use a stored column. If you wish for CockroachDB not to backfill your hash-sharded indexes created prior to v22.1, drop them and recreate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hash-sharded indexes created in v22.1 and later will not [backfill](use-changefeeds.html#schema-changes-with-column-backfill), as the shard column isn't stored. Hash-sharded indexes created prior to v22.1 will backfill if `schema_change_policy` is set to `backfill`, as they use a stored column. If you don't want CockroachDB to backfill your hash-sharded indexes created prior to v22.1, drop them and recreate them.
```
